Add cert SAN for WC APIs (#57)
giantswarm/cluster-openstack: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add API server`certSANs` property to generate a certificate for the API FQDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `certSANs` property to generate a certificate containing the Kubernetes API FQDN.
```
